I'm so scared,  I  wish I had a ham sandwich to calm my nerves.
Well, what do you know? A ham sandwich. Wouldn't you know, it needs some mustard. This has gotta be my imagination.
Otherwise, I'd be scared stiff. Hmmm
Now, maybe my imagination can like cut in half.
Here you are kids. The three hamburgers and the sandwiches are coming up.
Three liverwursts a la mode 1... 2... 3...
Keep a sharp lookout for anything A Scooby.What's that you found? But he left half of hamburger
hunting Clues always make me hungry weight. That's
a clue. Don't eat that cool Shaggy. See those claw
marks the 8th man was eating this sandwich. That's
odd. Ain't no need me baby. This is more than a name.
It's okay me eat after running. You get a phone a snack
after you get the 8th man down here. Okay, will you
do a little something I whipped up a Shaggy snack?
Yes. It's a pot pie with pizza crust and Shelby's
pepperoni. Jerry's chocolate sauce. How do what
I'm doing? I think we gave home fuzzyface to swim.
How about a snack you check the refrig? There should
be some really good around here. What is it? Wow pickled
vampire wings? Yuck werewolf's Max Fried Movie
W. What are menu? There will be right out on your mark
get set go. Clean up jobs. I do say so myself. my favorite
sandwich I can't even get a bite in edgewise. the
sea water boiling joe recipe real good. Do you like
me? Why didn't I think of that? Did we forget anything?
I sure hope he likes ghost pirates 2. ghost pirates
2 you eat it. We aren't hungry. bubbles Let's bubble
our way out of here. Come on. Scooby Snack That's
right. Stick should do it. first